SQL-2102: Publish signing keys for ODBC (#220)
mongodb/mongo-odbc-driver: README.md

# MongoDB ODBC Driver

> An 64-bit unicode ODBC driver for connecting to Atlas Data Lake via the MongoSQL dialect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 64-bit unicode ODBC driver for connecting to Atlas Data Federation using the MongoSQL dialect.
```

[mongodb/mongo-bi-connector-odbc-driver](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-bi-connector-odbc-driver)
repository.

> ## Verify Integrity of MongoDB ODBC Driver packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Verify Integrity of MongoDB ODBC Driver Packages
```
Super pedantic, but "Packages" should also be title case here.

You can download the [MongoDB ODBC Driver](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/odbc-driver) from MongoDB Download Center.   

> Select the platform and version you want to verify on that page.   
> Click `Copy link` and use the URL while following the instructions to validate MongoDB packages described [here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/tutorial/verify-mongodb-packages/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the platform and version you want to verify on that page.   
2. Click `Copy link` and use the URL while following the instructions to validate MongoDB packages described [here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/tutorial/verify-mongodb-packages/).
```

> > :warning: For this [step](!https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/tutorial/verify-mongodb-packages/#download-then-import-the-key-file), download and import the MongoDB ODBC Driver public key using this url : `https://pgp.mongodb.com/atlas-sql-odbc.asc`   

Author: This :warning: bit should show up an emoji on Github,
See https://github.com/ikatyang/emoji-cheat-sheet/tree/master#warning

> For this [step](!https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/tutorial/verify-mongodb-packages/#download-then-import-the-key-file), download and import the MongoDB ODBC Driver public key using this url : `https://pgp.mongodb.com/atlas-sql-odbc.asc`

> ## Manually set up the ODBC driver on Windows for local development

Reviewer: Just for consistency we may want to choose a style for titles, either Title Case or regular sentence.
